[DOCS] Updates elasticsearch-api documentation (#1875)
elastic/elasticsearch-ruby: elasticsearch-api/README.md

# Elasticsearch::API

*This library is part of the [`elasticsearch-ruby`](https://github.com/elasticsearch/elasticsearch-ruby/) package; please refer to it, unless you want to use this library standalone.*

> **See the [official documentation on Elasticsearch API](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/ruby-api/current/api.html).**

Reviewer: As above.
```suggestion
**Refer to the [official documentation on Elasticsearch API](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/ruby-api/current/api.html).**
```

The `elasticsearch-api` library provides a Ruby implementation of the [Elasticsearch](http://elasticsearch.com) REST API. It does not provide an Elasticsearch client; see the [`elastic-transport`](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-transport-ruby/) library.

We follow Ruby’s own maintenance policy and officially support all currently maintained versions per [Ruby Maintenance Branches](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/).

Language clients are forward compatible; meaning that clients support communicating with greater minor versions of Elasticsearch. Elastic language clients are also backwards compatible with lesser supported minor Elasticsearch versions.

## Development

> See [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-ruby/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: As above.
```suggestion
Refer to [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-ruby/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
